Update switch case syntax spec to use the term expression rather than value (#30139)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/statements/switch/index.md

- `expression`
  - : An expression whose result is matched against each `case` clause.

> - `case expressionN` {{optional_inline}}
>   - : A `case` clause used to match against `expression`. If the `expression` matches the specified `expressionN`, execution starts from the first statement after that `case` clause until either the end of the `switch` statement or the first encountered `break`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `case caseExpressionN` {{optional_inline}}
  - : A `case` clause used to match against `expression`. If the value of `expression` matches the value of any `caseExpressionN`, execution starts from the first statement after that `case` clause until either the end of the `switch` statement or the first encountered `break`.
```
